Palestinians and Rafa are feuring an
Israeli ground
offensive but the T still comes from the
skies an air strike hits a home near the
Kuwaiti
Hospital our camera capturing the sound
as it
falls children are pulled alive from the
ruins it's an area meant to be
safe as Israel has stepped up its
attacks Sahan the past few days killing
and injuring several women and children
and raising more fears of what might
come
next further north waiting for Aid has
become a painful part of life in Gaza
but for manual Monday it finally came
the Jordanian military dropped supplies
of the coast of darl Bah in central Gaza
hundreds raised to the peach waiting
through water to reach the precious
cargo but it appeared not all could be
collected for the lucky ones it was much
needed meal but more food Aid is
required in
Gaza in another part of Gaza
Palestinians risk palms and pullets to
fight food once again Israeli snipers
Sho at Palestinians waiting for
eight Israel's Army wants to expand its
ground offensive into Rafa where 1.5
million Palestinians are
Sheltering the fight for food
goodw
tun Al jazer Rafa Souther
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer